Question: What are the top 3 sectors?

[Source: 10_SIPReport.docx | Section: Describe the hierarchy of the SIP Organisation | Score: 0.232]
Describe the hierarchy of the SIP Organisation

Since the company is so large, I do not know enough about the hierarchy of the organisation. However, I am able describe what I know. In the Contact Centre, there are a few departments, Operations, Conversational Banking, (chat agent team that I am part of), Telesales, Client Journey fulfilment , complaint management staff, People and Customer Experience etc. These departments each have their own head and all report to the head of contact centre. The head of contact centre then reports to the head of Wealth and Personal Banking Singapore. That’s all I know.

---

[Source: 7_SIPReport.docx | Section: Organization structure | Score: 0.168]
Organization structure

HSBC was first started in March 1865 in Hong Kong, and it was started to help with the finance trade between Europe and Asia. Today, the bank serves roughly 39 million personal, wealth and corporate customers in 62 countries and territories worldwide. The entire department of WPB can be categorized into various sub-departments. My department sits in the front office and is more client-facing. There are main sides to the WPB front-office, products, and customer relations. On the products side sits the various investment products that the bank holds. These include Funds and Discretionary products (the products that my team oversees), Structured Products, Fixed Income, Equities, and Foreign Exchange (FX). The customer relations side includes the Relationship Managers and the Investment Counsellors. Relationship Managers deal with all the customer’s financial-related needs. These include Insurance, Investments, Trust Funds, etc. Investment Counsellors are

---

[Source: 10_SIPReport.docx | Section: What are the other industry insights shared with you by your mentor? | Score: 0.159]
What are the other industry insights shared with you by your mentor?

Data skills are important anywhere even in other parts of banking as there is a need to perform an analysis everywhere for success rate etc.

---

[Source: 10_SIPReport.docx | Section: State the number of departments in the SIP Organisation and give a brief summary of their roles and number of staff | Score: 0.156]
State the number of departments in the SIP Organisation and give a brief summary of their roles and number of staff

Due to company size, I am unsure of the number of departments and for staff, I was told there is around 5000+ staff working for HSBC in Singapore. For my Contact Centre department, there are about fifty to sixty staff in total. The roles are head of contact centre, assistant head of contact centre, team managers, the teams are Telesales, Conversational Banking(chat agents), Client Journey(helps customers with applications), Sales & Retention, Complaints management, Operations and People and Customer Experience.

---

[Source: 7_SIPReport.docx | Section: Conclusions and Recommendations | Score: 0.145]
in the company. I could also develop my current skills to make myself more marketable. For example, I could work on my communication skills and teamwork. Both of these are very important skills in companies. Developing such skills will allow me to have a better time once I start work as these skills can play into managing my relations with people at work and help to minimize miscommunications at work. I can also seek out internships or mentorship programmes in this industry. Practical experience not only enhances my resume but helps me develop valuable skills, make connections, and gain insights into the industry. Internships are also a great way for me to seek feedback and get mentorship in what I’m doing. This experience would allow me to know areas I can improve in and get guidance in what I’m doing or even seek a more experienced person’s perspective on an issue. The last thing I can do is stay informed on financial trends and the fluctuations in markets. Staying informed on
